Deadlines How-to (#2811)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: docs/howtos/modules/deadlines/pages/deciding.adoc

= Deciding on the implementation

> In most cases there would not be an autoconfigured deadline manager available.
> It's best to choose a solution based on the Saga store for deadlines used in Saga's.
> For deadlines in aggregates it best to choose the same as the Event Store.
> In the case you use Axon Server it's likely best to use what you use for the projections.
> If you are using a relational database, the `DbSchedulerDeadlineManager` is the best choice for MongoDB the `JobRunrDeadlineManager` is a good second.
> 
> Both those solutions require a database as synchronisation and persistence layer.
> For now, we will stick to the `SimpleDeadlineManager` which is easier to use, but is used only by a single instance, and doesn't persist the set deadlines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, there would not be an autoconfigured deadline manager available.

When setting up deadlines for sagas it's best to choose a solution based on the saga storage solution.
For deadlines in aggregates, it is best to choose the same storage solution as the Event Store.
In case you use Axon Server, it's best to store deadlines in the same solution as your projections.
If you are using a relational database, the `DbSchedulerDeadlineManager` is the best choice.
For MongoDB the `JobRunrDeadlineManager` would be a good second.

Both solutions require a database as a synchronization and persistence layer.
For now, we will stick to the `SimpleDeadlineManager` as it is easier to use.
Note that the `SimpleDeadlineManager` should not be regarded as production-ready, as it does not persist deadlines or communicate between application instances.
```

Author: Copied since the file was changed.
